README.md, before:

## Will de Montmollin

I’m Will, a recent graduate of [Maker's Academy](https://apply.makers.tech/tech-skills-bootcamp-in-software-engineering) tech bootcamp. I'm an aspiring developer with experience in developing web and mobile apps using the MERN stack, React Native and Ruby with Active Record. I love to understand what makes things work. 

Before Makers, I had a variety of roles: an administrator and grower at a community garden, a barista and an english language teaching assistant. Tech has a been a big part of my life since I was a kid, and I find coding exciting because it feels like a peek behind the curtain of our lives, it engages my creativity and problem solving, and its possibilities could change society for the better. 

## Projects 

| Name | Description | Tech/tools |
|------|------------|-------------|
| [Excuse](https://github.com/awdem/excuse) | Two-week final project for Makers. A mobile app that generates excuses using Open AI API and Nasa's EoNet. | React Native, Expo, Open AI API, EoNet, Express, Jest, Axios, NodeJS |
| [Trelloship](https://github.com/awdem/GildedRose-kata-js-jest) | A LoTR-inspired facebook clone (Don't ask). Two-week engineering project at makers geared towards understanding and adding to an existing codebase.  | MERN stack, Jest, Cypress|
| [Bank Tech Test](https://github.com/awdem/bank-tech-test) |  A simple bank account program that allows you to make deposits and withdrawals and will print a statement of all the transactions in your account.  | NodeJS, Jest|
| [Chitter Challenge](https://github.com/awdem/chitter-challenge) | A small twitter clone completed as a solo challenge for Makers. | Ruby, RSpec, PostgresSQL, Sinatra, Active Record, Bcrypt |
<!-- | [Gilded Rose](https://github.com/awdem/GildedRose-kata-js-jest) | My approach to the infamous Gilded Rose kata in Javascript. | NodeJS, Jest| -->

## Work Experience

**OrganicLea Worker's Cooperative** (2020 - 2023)  
_Box Pack Administrator_

- Oversaw for the smooth-running of a weekly 1,200-customer veg box pack
- Managed a team of 10-12 workers and volunteers over a two day pack.
- Assisted in up-scaling of box scheme during a period of 50% growth in customer base

_Veg Scheme Administrator_ 

- Ordered produce for the box scheme
- Wrote weekly newsletters to engage customers with the source of their produce
- Promoted box scheme on social media

**Sustain** (June 2019 - December  2019) 
_Assistant Editor for London Food Link_

- Editing, writing, logistics for magazine delivery

**Castle Climbing Centre** (2019-2021)

_Cafe Assistant_
- Provided friendly and welcoming customer service to climbers and visitors
- Responsible for cafe activities such as coffee-making, food preparation and cleaning

**Lycée Dumont D'Urville, France** (2014-2016)

_English Language Teaching Assistant_
- Led students in conversational exercises and assisted in their learning
- Collaborated with teachers to prepare engaging lesson plans and projects


## Skills

<!-- - I achieved A during my work at B (job, or otherwise)
- I contributed to the growth of X while doing Y (job, or otherwise)
- I built this, made this, broke this, fixed this, etc.
- A link to some on-line evidence (blogs, videos, articles, etc.) -->

#### Logistics

<!-- In my time at OrganicLea, I went from being a trainee to becoming an integral part of the distribution team. During the pandemic, the box scheme doubled its customer base, and I'm proud to have contributed to...

Analytical mind, problem solving, use veg box as example (50% growth) -->

#### Teamwork

<!-- listener, calming, funny, easy going use edventure MSc or vegbox as example -->

#### Communication

<!-- writing, clear, honest, lay groundwork, use Jellied Eel or MSx thesis as example? -->


## Education

#### Makers Academy Tech Bootcamp (March 2023 - July 2023)
- 4-month intensive coding bootcamp. 
- Frequently used pair programming in order to solve problems effeciently, requiring teamwork and communication.
- Focused on TDD, pair-programming and OOP
- Collaborated in groups using AGILE methodology 
- Made Projects using Ruby, JavaScript, MERN stack, React Native, 

#### University of Copenhagen, Denmark (2016-2018)

- 2-year MSc in Food Innovation and Health
- Graduated with 10 avg. (equivalent to Merit)
- Wrote Thesis on how Nordic chefs use the principles of sustainability, health, culture and palatability in developing dishes and menus

#### Allegheny College, Pennsylvania, U.S.A. (2010 - 2014)

- BSc in Chemistry
- Graduated with equivalent to 2.1
- Minor in French

### Other qualifications

#### Edventure START-UP, Edventure Frome (2022)

#### Level 1 and 2 Work-based Horticulture award, London City and Guilds (2020-2021)

#### DALF C1 French (2016)

## Hobbies

cooking, hiking, camping, plants
board games/roleplaying games

Commit message:

guess what more edits (WIP)

README.md, after:

## Will de Montmollin

I’m Will, a recent graduate of [Maker's Academy](https://apply.makers.tech/tech-skills-bootcamp-in-software-engineering) tech bootcamp. I'm an aspiring developer with experience in developing web and mobile apps using the MERN stack, React Native and Ruby with Active Record. I love to understand what makes things work. 

Before Makers, I had a variety of roles: an administrator and grower at a community garden, a barista and an english language teaching assistant. I find coding exciting because it  engages my creativity and problem-solving. Tech has been a big part of my life since I was a kid, and learning to code feels like a peek behind the curtain of what makes modern life move.

## Projects 

| Name | Description | Tech/tools |
|------|------------|-------------|
| [Excuse](https://github.com/awdem/excuse) | Two-week final project for Makers. A mobile app that generates excuses using Open AI API and Nasa's EoNet. | React Native, Expo, Open AI API, EoNet, Express, Jest, Axios, NodeJS |
| [Trelloship](https://github.com/awdem/GildedRose-kata-js-jest) | A LoTR-inspired facebook clone (Don't ask). Two-week engineering project at makers geared towards understanding and adding to an existing codebase.  | MERN stack, Jest, Cypress|
| [Bank Tech Test](https://github.com/awdem/bank-tech-test) |  A simple bank account program that allows you to make deposits and withdrawals and will print a statement of all the transactions in your account.  | NodeJS, Jest|
| [Chitter Challenge](https://github.com/awdem/chitter-challenge) | A small twitter clone completed as a solo challenge for Makers. | Ruby, RSpec, PostgresSQL, Sinatra, Active Record, Bcrypt |
<!-- | [Gilded Rose](https://github.com/awdem/GildedRose-kata-js-jest) | My approach to the infamous Gilded Rose kata in Javascript. | NodeJS, Jest| -->

## Work Experience

**OrganicLea Worker's Cooperative** (2020 - 2023)  
_Box Pack Administrator_

- Oversaw for the smooth-running of a weekly 1,200-customer veg box pack
- Managed a team of 10-12 workers and volunteers over a two day pack.
- Assisted in up-scaling of box scheme during a period of 100% growth in customer base

_Veg Scheme Administrator_ 

- Ordered produce for the box scheme
- Wrote weekly newsletters to engage customers with the source of their produce
- Promoted box scheme on social media

**Sustain** (June 2019 - December  2019) 

_Assistant Editor for London Food Link_

- Assistant editor at The Jellied Eel, a sustainable food magazine with 30,000 readers
- Wrote and edited regular features and articles; responsible for bi-weekly newsletter and social media accounts
- Liased with stockists, writers, photographers, printer and distributor

**Castle Climbing Centre** (2019-2021)

_Cafe Assistant_
- Provided friendly and welcoming customer service to climbers and visitors
- Responsible for cafe activities such as coffee-making, food preparation and cleaning

**Lycée Dumont D'Urville, France** (2014-2016)

_English Language Teaching Assistant_
- Led students in conversational exercises and assisted in their learning
- Collaborated with teachers to prepare engaging lesson plans and projects


## Skills

<!-- - I achieved A during my work at B (job, or otherwise)
- I contributed to the growth of X while doing Y (job, or otherwise)
- I built this, made this, broke this, fixed this, etc.
- A link to some on-line evidence (blogs, videos, articles, etc.) -->

#### Logistics

I have an analytical mind and enjoy problem-solving, which is often reflected in my professional life. In my time at OrganicLea, I went from being a trainee to becoming an integral part of the distribution team. During the pandemic, the box scheme doubled its customer base, and I'm proud to have contributed up-scaling changes that maintained the box pack's smooth running and pleasant atmosphere for volunteers and workers. Sometimes the pack would not go to plan or the produce delivery had to change last-minute. I often had to think on my feet and make decisions that would minimize the impact on the pack and lower the stress for everyone involved. When ordering produce for the scheme, I had to balance the packing team's capacity, our weekly budget, the needs of our suppliers, and our aim to deliver a variety of high-quality, fresh and local veg to our customers. 

<!-- Analytical mind, problem solving, use veg box as example (100% growth) -->

#### Teamwork

I'm a calm, easy-going person who is conscious of other people's moods and needs. Throughout my experience professionally and as a student, I've often received compliments on my calm demeanour, level-headnesses, and ability to keep the team motivated and on track. The retros and stand-ups that I facilitated during group projects at Maker's were often the most productive and rewarding. I also proposed daily mood check-ins that were well-received and fostered team cohesion. During my time at Edventure, our group had to work to strict deadlines to organize events and present our project to stakeholders; Afterwards, I was recognized by my group for keeping us focused and preventing us from feeling overwhelmed in otherwise high-pressure situations. I was also complimented for my ability to give and recieve feedback in a way that was non-judgemental and productive.

<!-- listener, calming, funny, easy going use edventure MSc or vegbox as example 
able to bring up conflicting personalities in a healthy and productive way?-->

#### Communication

<!-- writing, clear, honest, lay groundwork, use Jellied Eel or MSx thesis as example? -->

## Education

#### Makers Academy Tech Bootcamp (March 2023 - July 2023)
- Completed a 16-week intensive coding bootcamp focused on full-stack software engineering 
- Practiced pair programming every day in order to solve problems effeciently, requiring teamwork and communication.
- Frequent group projects using Github for version control annd AGILE methodologies for workflow: MVP, sprints, tickets, stand-ups and retros.
- Learned TDD and OOP design principles
- Made Projects using Ruby, JavaScript, PostgreSQL, MERN stack, and React Native

#### University of Copenhagen, Denmark (2016-2018)

- 2-year MSc in Food Innovation and Health
- Graduated with 10 avg. (equivalent to Merit)
- Wrote thesis on how Nordic chefs use the principles of sustainability, health, culture and palatability in developing dishes and menus

#### Allegheny College, Pennsylvania, U.S.A. (2010 - 2014)

- BSc in Chemistry
- Graduated with equivalent to 2.1
- Minor in French

### Other qualifications

#### Edventure START-UP, Edventure Frome (2022)
- 11-week intensive community entrepreneurship course

#### Level 1 and 2 Work-based Horticulture award, OrganicLea (2020-2021)
- 9 month London City and Guilds accredited horticulture course 
#### DALF C1 French (2016)

## Hobbies

cooking, hiking, camping, plants,
board games/roleplaying games
